README.md, before:

Project: pyMetalink
URL: https://github.com/metalink-dev/pymetalink
E-mail: nabber00@gmail.com

Copyright: (C) 2007-2024, Hampus Wessman, Neil McNab, and other contributors
License: MIT

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Description:
pyMetalink is a library for python to support advanced download features

Example:

```python
import os
import metalink.download

files = metalink.download.get("file.metalink", os.getcwd())
```

CHANGELOG:

Version 6.3 (unreleased)
-----------
- Updated coding conventions to support Python 3.8+
- Added some specific error code handling
- Adjusted GitHub Workflows to test against Python versions 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12

Version 6.2
-----------
- Tested
- Initial Python 3.x support
- License change to MIT approved by all authors, can still be combined with GPL software
- Catches GPG NEWSIG response

Version 6.1
-----------
- Packaged as pure Python package for easy_install and pip

Version 6.0
-----------
- Support for RFC 3230 - Instance Digests in HTTP
- Support for RFC 6249 - Metalink/HTTP: Mirrors and Hashes

Version 5.1
-----------
- Bugfixes for segmented downloads
- Native Jigdo download support
- Added download time
- Now requires Python 2.5 or newer because Metalink RFC requires SHA-256

Version 5.0
-----------
- Added support for Metalink v4 (IETF RFC)

Version 4.4
-----------
- Bugfix for when HTTP 302 redirect code is issued during download

Version 4.3
-----------
- Added custom HTTP header support
- Added option to parse an HTML file for .metalink files to check
- Added a beta feature for media streaming
- Various bugfixes

Version 4.2
-----------
- PGP bugfix
- Jigdo to Metalink convertor
- Other bugfixes

Version 4.1
-----------
- XML parsing speed and memory improvements
- Checking function is now multithreaded for speed improvements
- Displays download bitrates
- Grabs proxy info from environment variables and Windows registry
- Fix for faulty file locking, this causes corrupted downloads

Version 4.0
-----------
- Uses gzip compression when available on server (non-segmented downloads only)
- Fixed memory leak when computing a checksum
- Bugfixes for download resuming

Version 3.8
-----------
- Will now download any file type and auto-detect metalink files
- Added support for metalink "Accept" HTTP header

Version 3.7.4
-------------
- Fixed default key import directory

Version 3.7.3
-------------
- Fixes for use with UNIX/Linux
- bugfixes in checker code

Version 3.7.2
-------------
- Modified to remove the pyme dependency

Version 3.7.1
-------------
- Removed missing imports

Version 3.7
-----------
- Added first attempt at PGP signature checking
- Minor bugfixes

Version 3.6
-----------
- Support for resuming segmented downloads
- Modified for better Python 2.4 support

Version 3.5
-----------
- Code cleanup
- FTP close connection speed improvement
- Added documentation for how to use as a library
- Sort by country pref first (if set), then pref value in metalink

Version 3.4
-----------
- segmented download FTP size support
- support for user specified OS and language preferences
- finished FTP proxy support

Version 3.3
-----------
- Bugfix for when type attr not present
- Support for FTP segmented downloads

Version 3.2
-----------
- If type="dynamic", client checks origin location

Version 3.1
-----------
- Now handles all SHA hash types and MD5
- Minor bug fixes

Version 3.0
-----------
- Speed and bandwidth improvements for checking mode
- Added checking of chunk checksums
- If chunk checksums are present, downloads are resumed
- Proxy support (experimental, HTTP should work, FTP and HTTPS not likely)

Version 2.0.1
-------------
- Bugfix when doing size check on HTTP servers, more reliable now

Version 2.0
-----------
- Support for segmented downloads! (HTTP urls only, falls back to old method if only FTP urls)

Version 1.4
-----------
- Added support for checking the file size on FTP servers

Version 1.3.1
-------------
- Made error when XML parse fails a little clearer.

Version 1.3
-----------
- Fixed bug when no "size" attribute is present

Version 1.2
-----------
- Added totals output

Version 1.1
-----------
- Bugfixes for FTP handling, bad URL handling
- rsync doesn't list as a URL Error
- reduced timeout value

Version 1.0
-----------
This is the initial release.

TODO
- resume download support for non-segmented downloads
- download priority based on speed
- use maxconnections
- dump FTP data chunks directly to file instead of holding in memory

Commit message:

update changelog and package version

README.md, after:

Project: pyMetalink
URL: https://github.com/metalink-dev/pymetalink
E-mail: nabber00@gmail.com

Copyright: (C) 2007-2024, Hampus Wessman, Neil McNab, and other contributors
License: MIT

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Description:
pyMetalink is a library for python to support advanced download features

Example:

```python
import os
import metalink.download

files = metalink.download.get("file.metalink", os.getcwd())
```

CHANGELOG:

Version 6.5 (unreleased)
-----------
- Updated coding conventions to support Python 3.8+
- Added some specific error code handling
- Adjusted GitHub Workflows to test against Python versions 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12

Version 6.4
-----------
- Release to test GitHub CI-based publishing workflow

Version 6.3
-----------
- Fixed a typo in download.py 
- Fixed an error with the `_send_request()` function on newer versions of Python
- Adopted `poetry` as the package build engine
- Formatting now uses `black`
- Fixed a Python 2.x compatibility issue

Version 6.2
-----------
- Tested
- Initial Python 3.x support
- License change to MIT approved by all authors, can still be combined with GPL software
- Catches GPG NEWSIG response

Version 6.1
-----------
- Packaged as pure Python package for easy_install and pip

Version 6.0
-----------
- Support for RFC 3230 - Instance Digests in HTTP
- Support for RFC 6249 - Metalink/HTTP: Mirrors and Hashes

Version 5.1
-----------
- Bugfixes for segmented downloads
- Native Jigdo download support
- Added download time
- Now requires Python 2.5 or newer because Metalink RFC requires SHA-256

Version 5.0
-----------
- Added support for Metalink v4 (IETF RFC)

Version 4.4
-----------
- Bugfix for when HTTP 302 redirect code is issued during download

Version 4.3
-----------
- Added custom HTTP header support
- Added option to parse an HTML file for .metalink files to check
- Added a beta feature for media streaming
- Various bugfixes

Version 4.2
-----------
- PGP bugfix
- Jigdo to Metalink convertor
- Other bugfixes

Version 4.1
-----------
- XML parsing speed and memory improvements
- Checking function is now multithreaded for speed improvements
- Displays download bitrates
- Grabs proxy info from environment variables and Windows registry
- Fix for faulty file locking, this causes corrupted downloads

Version 4.0
-----------
- Uses gzip compression when available on server (non-segmented downloads only)
- Fixed memory leak when computing a checksum
- Bugfixes for download resuming

Version 3.8
-----------
- Will now download any file type and auto-detect metalink files
- Added support for metalink "Accept" HTTP header

Version 3.7.4
-------------
- Fixed default key import directory

Version 3.7.3
-------------
- Fixes for use with UNIX/Linux
- bugfixes in checker code

Version 3.7.2
-------------
- Modified to remove the pyme dependency

Version 3.7.1
-------------
- Removed missing imports

Version 3.7
-----------
- Added first attempt at PGP signature checking
- Minor bugfixes

Version 3.6
-----------
- Support for resuming segmented downloads
- Modified for better Python 2.4 support

Version 3.5
-----------
- Code cleanup
- FTP close connection speed improvement
- Added documentation for how to use as a library
- Sort by country pref first (if set), then pref value in metalink

Version 3.4
-----------
- segmented download FTP size support
- support for user specified OS and language preferences
- finished FTP proxy support

Version 3.3
-----------
- Bugfix for when type attr not present
- Support for FTP segmented downloads

Version 3.2
-----------
- If type="dynamic", client checks origin location

Version 3.1
-----------
- Now handles all SHA hash types and MD5
- Minor bug fixes

Version 3.0
-----------
- Speed and bandwidth improvements for checking mode
- Added checking of chunk checksums
- If chunk checksums are present, downloads are resumed
- Proxy support (experimental, HTTP should work, FTP and HTTPS not likely)

Version 2.0.1
-------------
- Bugfix when doing size check on HTTP servers, more reliable now

Version 2.0
-----------
- Support for segmented downloads! (HTTP urls only, falls back to old method if only FTP urls)

Version 1.4
-----------
- Added support for checking the file size on FTP servers

Version 1.3.1
-------------
- Made error when XML parse fails a little clearer.

Version 1.3
-----------
- Fixed bug when no "size" attribute is present

Version 1.2
-----------
- Added totals output

Version 1.1
-----------
- Bugfixes for FTP handling, bad URL handling
- rsync doesn't list as a URL Error
- reduced timeout value

Version 1.0
-----------
This is the initial release.

TODO
- resume download support for non-segmented downloads
- download priority based on speed
- use maxconnections
- dump FTP data chunks directly to file instead of holding in memory
